README.md, before:

# Input-Framer

Framer module to easily turn your designs inputs into real inputs.

![Input Demo](img/input.gif)

## Add it in your Framer Studio project

- Download the project from github.
- Copy `input.coffee` and `keyboard.png` into `modules/` folder.
- Import it in Framer Studio by writing: `InputModule = require "input"`.

**Note:** `keyboard.png` is prepared for iPhone 6. If you want to use a different size, replace with your own image.

## How to use it

Export your assets as you would do normally, then create an input object and place it over your designed input. Done!  
Remember that all parameters are optional.


```coffeescript
# Basic usage
InputModule = require "input"

input = new InputModule.Input
  setup: true # Change to true when positioning the input so you can see it
  y: 240 # y position
  x: 90  # x position
  width: 500
  height: 60
```

```coffeescript
# All options
InputModule = require "input"

input = new InputModule.Input
  setup: false # Change to true when positioning the input so you can see it
  virtualKeyboard: true # Enable or disable virtual keyboard for when viewing on computer
  placeholder: "Username" # Text visible before the user type
  placeholderColor: "#fff" # Color of the placeholder text
  text: "Some text" # Initial text in the input
  type: "text" # Use any of the available HTML input types. Take into account that on the computer the same keyboard image will appear regarding the type used.
  backgroundColor: "transparent" # e.g. "#ffffff" or "blue"
  fontSize: 30 # Size in px
  lineHeight: 30 # Line height in px
  padding: 10 # Padding in px

  y: 240 # y position
  x: 90  # x position
  width: 500
  height: 60
  goButton: false # Set true here in order to use "Go" instead of "Return" as button (only works on real devices)
```
    
    
#### Styling your input
You can style many properties directly on creation or from here

```coffeescript
input.style = 
  fontSize: "30px"
  lineHeight: "30px"
  padding: "10px"
  color: "white"
  ...
```

#### Retrieving value of your input

You can access directly to `.value` property to get the value. For example to get the value on each key up you could do something like this...

```coffeescript
input.on "keyup", ->
  print @value
```

#### Focusing the input via code

Imagine that you want to focus the input once you click "myButton", here is an example:

```coffeescript
myButton.on Events.Click, ->
  input.focus()
```

#### Focus and Blur events

You can add your own custom actions using the `onFocus` and `onBlur` helpers.

```coffeescript
input.onFocus ->
  print "Input is focused and has the value: #{@value}"

input.onBlur ->
  print "Input lost focus"
```

### [Advanced] Accessing original elements

The input layer is constructed of a form and an input field. You can always access those elements by accessing directly to the properties `input` and `form`.

Example:

```coffeescript
Events.wrap(someNiceInput.form).addEventListener "submit", ->
	print "The form was submitted"
someNiceInput.input.something...
```

### [Advanced] Preventing for form submission on enter

If you are prototyping for the computer, you'll see that the input submits the form behind, once you press the enter key. You can easily prevent that from happening by using he following snippet: 

```coffeescript
Events.wrap(someNiceInput.form).addEventListener "submit", (event) ->
	event.preventDefault()
```

## Usage Examples

Here you can find a nice project which combines this module with other modules to create a realtime chat app prototype using Firebase: [FramerJS-Firebase-Demo](https://github.com/charleswong28/FramerJS-Firebase-Demo/)

If you have done something cool and want to show it, just make a pull request to the project :)

Commit message:

Add support for HTML5 autofocus

README.md, after:

# Input-Framer

Framer module to easily turn your designs inputs into real inputs.

![Input Demo](img/input.gif)

## Add it in your Framer Studio project

- Download the project from github.
- Copy `input.coffee` and `keyboard.png` into `modules/` folder.
- Import it in Framer Studio by writing: `InputModule = require "input"`.

**Note:** `keyboard.png` is prepared for iPhone 6. If you want to use a different size, replace with your own image.

## How to use it

Export your assets as you would do normally, then create an input object and place it over your designed input. Done!  
Remember that all parameters are optional.


```coffeescript
# Basic usage
InputModule = require "input"

input = new InputModule.Input
  setup: true # Change to true when positioning the input so you can see it
  y: 240 # y position
  x: 90  # x position
  width: 500
  height: 60
```

```coffeescript
# All options
InputModule = require "input"

input = new InputModule.Input
  setup: false # Change to true when positioning the input so you can see it
  virtualKeyboard: true # Enable or disable virtual keyboard for when viewing on computer
  placeholder: "Username" # Text visible before the user type
  placeholderColor: "#fff" # Color of the placeholder text
  text: "Some text" # Initial text in the input
  type: "text" # Use any of the available HTML input types. Take into account that on the computer the same keyboard image will appear regarding the type used.
  backgroundColor: "transparent" # e.g. "#ffffff" or "blue"
  fontSize: 30 # Size in px
  lineHeight: 30 # Line height in px
  padding: 10 # Padding in px
  autofocus: false # Change to true to enable autofocus

  y: 240 # y position
  x: 90  # x position
  width: 500
  height: 60
  goButton: false # Set true here in order to use "Go" instead of "Return" as button (only works on real devices)
```
    
    
#### Styling your input
You can style many properties directly on creation or from here

```coffeescript
input.style = 
  fontSize: "30px"
  lineHeight: "30px"
  padding: "10px"
  color: "white"
  ...
```

#### Retrieving value of your input

You can access directly to `.value` property to get the value. For example to get the value on each key up you could do something like this...

```coffeescript
input.on "keyup", ->
  print @value
```

#### Focusing the input via code

Imagine that you want to focus the input once you click "myButton", here is an example:

```coffeescript
myButton.on Events.Click, ->
  input.focus()
```

#### Focus and Blur events

You can add your own custom actions using the `onFocus` and `onBlur` helpers.

```coffeescript
input.onFocus ->
  print "Input is focused and has the value: #{@value}"

input.onBlur ->
  print "Input lost focus"
```

### [Advanced] Accessing original elements

The input layer is constructed of a form and an input field. You can always access those elements by accessing directly to the properties `input` and `form`.

Example:

```coffeescript
Events.wrap(someNiceInput.form).addEventListener "submit", ->
	print "The form was submitted"
someNiceInput.input.something...
```

### [Advanced] Preventing for form submission on enter

If you are prototyping for the computer, you'll see that the input submits the form behind, once you press the enter key. You can easily prevent that from happening by using he following snippet: 

```coffeescript
Events.wrap(someNiceInput.form).addEventListener "submit", (event) ->
	event.preventDefault()
```

## Usage Examples

Here you can find a nice project which combines this module with other modules to create a realtime chat app prototype using Firebase: [FramerJS-Firebase-Demo](https://github.com/charleswong28/FramerJS-Firebase-Demo/)

If you have done something cool and want to show it, just make a pull request to the project :)
